Good morning, class.
As we delve deeper into chapter four,
we're gonna see why we know
that evolution is a fact.
Now, when we think about the word evolution,
what comes to mind?
Your grades are some of the highest in the class.
I have these both shores.
They're both really fine schools,
but this one in particular on top
is the one I would really like you to consider.
Rebecca, you're one of our fastest runners.
I really want you to consider trying out for the team.
I feel so confused.
I know some things they teach at school
don't agree with the Bible,
but sometimes they just seem to make sense.
Then there's the pressure to join sports
and what to do with my future.
I finally told Mom some of the challenges I was having.
She really listened and admitted struggling
with some of the same issues when she was younger.
Then she shared Hebrews 5, 13 and 14.
For everyone who continues to feed on milk
is unequainted with the word of righteousness
for he is a young child,
but solid food belongs to mature people.
To those who through use have their powers of discernment
trained to distinguish both right and wrong.
She said when her personal study went beyond the surface
on questions and issues that bothered her,
she began to discover truly meaningful answers
that built up her faith and helped her make good decisions.
It helped her to go from just feeling it was the truth
to knowing it.